---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aifabrics-v1alpha1_backend_list Data Source - aifabrics-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aifabrics-v1alpha1_backend_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) BackendSpec defines the desired state of Backend (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) BackendStatus defines the observed state of Backend (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `asn_pool` (String) Reference to an IndexAllocationPool pool to use for Autonomous System Number allocations.  Used when eBGP is configured as an underlay protocol.
- `gpu_isolation_groups` (Attributes List) GPU Isolation Groups are used to isolate GPU traffic over the network, GPUs in different GPU isolation groups will not be able to communicate with each other.  If all GPUs across all stripes need to be able to communicate with each other, create a single GPUIsolationGroup selecting all GPU facing interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--gpu_isolation_groups))
- `rocev2_qos` (Attributes) Set of properties to configure the RoCEv2 QoS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--rocev2_qos))
- `stripe_connector` (Attributes) StripeConnector is the spine layer interconnecting multiple stripes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--stripe_connector))
- `stripes` (Attributes List) A list of stripes, stripes contain a set of nodes (rails). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--stripes))
- `system_pool_ipv4` (String) Reference to an IPAllocationPool used to dynamically allocate an IPv4 address to system/lo0 interfaces.  If specified under the Leaf/Spine/Superspine/Borderleaf those will take precedence.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--gpu_isolation_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.gpu_isolation_groups`

Optional:

- `interface_selector` (List of String)
- `name` (String) Name of the IsolationGroup.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--rocev2_qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.rocev2_qos`

Optional:

- `ecn_max_drop_probability_percent` (Number) If the queue depth is between min and max threshold then this the probability with which packets are dropped or marked.
- `ecn_slope_max_threshold_percent` (Number) The maximum threshold parameter for a RED-managed queue in percent. When the average queue length exceeds the max value, all packets are dropped (or marked if ECN is enabled). Mutually exclusive with min-threshold and max-threshold.
- `ecn_slope_min_threshold_percent` (Number) The mininum threshold parameter for a RED-managed queue in percent. When the average queue length is less than min, all packets are admitted to the queue. Mutually exclusive with min-threshold and max-threshold.
- `pfc_deadlock_detection_timer` (Number) Number of milliseconds during which outgoing interface is receiving pfc-pause-frames before triggering recovery-timer.
- `pfc_deadlock_recovery_timer` (Number) Number of milliseconds during which the pfc-pause-frames will be ignored.
- `queue_maximum_burst_size` (Number) Maximum amount of shared buffer memory available to the queue in bytes.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--stripe_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.stripe_connector`

Optional:

- `asn_pool` (String) Reference to an IndexAllocationPool pool to use for Autonomous System Number allocations.
- `link_selector` (List of String) Selects TopoLinks to include in this AI Fabric, the selected TopoLinks will be used to create ISLs between the stripe connector devices and the leaf devices.
- `name` (String) The name of the Stripe Connector.
- `node_selector` (List of String) Node selector to select the nodes to be used for this stripe connector.
- `system_pool_ipv4` (String) Reference to an IPAllocationPool used to dynamically allocate an IPv4 address to system/lo0 interfaces for the stripe connector devices.  If not specified, the system will use the default IPAllocationPool.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--stripes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.stripes`

Optional:

- `asn_pool` (String) Optional reference to an IndexAllocationPool pool to use for Autonomous System Number allocations.  If left blank, ASN allocation will be done from the ASNAllocationRange.
- `gpu_vlan` (Number) The VLAN used on interfaces facing the GPU servers.
- `name` (String) The name of the Stripe.
- `node_selector` (List of String) Node selector to select the nodes to be used for this stripe.
- `stripe_id` (Number) Unique ID for a stripe
- `system_pool_ipv4` (String) Optional reference to an IPAllocationPool used to dynamically allocate an IPv4 address to system/lo0 interfaces. If left blank, system IP allocation will be done from the SystemIPV4Subnet.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the Fabric.  The health score of the Fabric is determined by the aggregate health score of the resources emited by the Fabric such as ISL, DefaultRouteReflectors etc.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the Fabric.  The operational state of the fabric is determined by monitoring the operational state of the following resources (if applicable): DefaultRouters, ISLs.
- `stripe_connector` (Attributes) Stripe connector in the Backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--stripe_connector))
- `stripes` (Attributes List) List of stripes in the Backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--stripes))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--stripe_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.stripe_connector`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the Stripe Connector.
- `stripe_connector_nodes` (Attributes List) List of stripe connector nodes in the Stripe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--stripe_connector--stripe_connector_nodes))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--stripe_connector--stripe_connector_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.stripe_connector.stripe_connector_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `node` (String) Name of the TopoNode.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system running on the node.
- `operating_system_version` (String) Operating system version running on the node.



<a id="nestedatt--items--status--stripes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.stripes`

Read-Only:

- `leaf_nodes` (Attributes List) List of leaf nodes in the Stripe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--stripes--leaf_nodes))
- `name` (String) The name of the Stripe.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--stripes--leaf_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.stripes.leaf_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `node` (String) Name of the TopoNode.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system running on the node.
- `operating_system_version` (String) Operating system version running on the node.
